hello everyone good afternoon
please welcome two easy steps of Indian
Punjabi style cooking I'm going to Omega
roti chapati a tortilla I'm going to
show you both ways one is the
traditional way there is no electronic
equipment or anything involved and I'm
going to show you how to do it I'm just
going to roll up my sleeve and you get
the water I'm using a flour wheat flour
you add up water and you just mix it up
this one is pretty much done and her
hand and with your knuckles you roll it
up and agita if I can close him and you
mash it it goes off and then you can
bring it down and then you lift it up
and put it it again then you work on
other way around one way and let me show
you the other way see it's already done
let me show you the other way yeah hi
this is what we did by hand I'm going to
show you by the machine since we have
all these machines to do the work for us
not that we get lazy but actually they
do all to perform my humans and they do
better job and I had the flour in the
machine so I'm gonna bring the water
according to and I'm going to just put
them on a speed one and I'm slowly
slowly I'm gonna add water so
he's gonna do the job so it's um almost
1 glass of water
a little bit olive oil not too much
very little boys almost ready rim is
gonna become like a ball that gives you
indication it's already already and
we're gonna pull it out you know the
boys are ready I'm going clock the dough
is ready this is what we did by hand
this is what we did by machine so I'm
going to show you how we gonna do this
you get a flower you put your finger in
there so basically you're coding your
fingers towards they won't stick to it
of dough and roll it up and once you
roll it up it becomes like this then you
take the ball into the order of e then
use this a little bit flour again and
you do it to the trick is when you're
using the roller if we you you roll it
slowly if you roll it slowly if you
notice that the dough itself is the
start its return so when it's a turning
it automatically it should go like
turning and it becomes a minimal wrong
shape um you got your griddle and you
put it in there you see how the little
color gonna change once once it's gonna
be a little bit the color get gonna
change then you're going to put your
finger underneath you're gonna turn it
around
fingers say you know they are very
delicate they get a you know try to
Bonnie you can use like a spatula so
once you see is done on other side then
you can use the same pattern you go like
this slowly slowly you see how it coming
up how beautiful see how it turned out
so you're going to rotate little bit
around this will perfect even now you
got visit to the restaurant you won't
find it like this kind of roti now see
that's the perfection of roti and once
it's done I'm going to share with you
sir another thing that tortilla can be
eaten like this but there are a lot of
people of prefer little bit further on
it to tr rooty we just made it fresh
homemade rooty it's very easy to make
thank you very much